tapes of night grace discharge pipe
did not come to the game when he came here
Juninho of these a younger model
That's where I want to send him here.
was thinking'm already making a
test at unac union of foot of ox only has
steering 1.0 lying is okay
bad to wake up and know
good line and finish well by doing
video did not play pro is a one of the company
who had to do a service with the
car
it has a fine finish to how you
can see a finish of a car from
same entrance right
alone the suspension car level
popular even until the best of the
than the last position
At least here is the electric glass, but
It's strange that when you take the
highway with the car it the wind enters
so it looks like you're catching on
turbulence only
thinking to drive the car a bit because
like 1.0 had not been driving the
car 1.0 I played on Bald Hill was a
little in here guys that I'm not with
some exchange with the cell phone is then
Remember, it's nice to hang up.
typical of even shorter popular car
the fiat still is a comfort
nice finish of him is well that
I have it right here in a car that has a
Finishing the panel a little better
even dashboard you
can see with the marker of gaza neither
digital
he has this economic way it 's hill
echo to show driving mode of the
vehicle
the steering wheel of Minas Gerais even more alone
drunk
the basic car is neither inbound
op competitor right not speak and do
a video yesterday is still not the
cigarette but is already running
no al as a expression 1.0 patterns
indicates 1.0 né
even pick up to speed up the car looks like
I kicked the car and it's doing a lot.
time in the new with car 1.0
so this bad video is going to
I'll just make the phone for you.
show in a different car soon
even very poor it is automatic on
glass button is the one that neither
conditioning has air outlet is all of
very hard plastic but the suspension
Very cool z says neither because it is a
Entrance car is the famous foot version of
ox manual gearbox five-speed
huh
you pass on where the car's stone was
a lot of noise is also another
typical car folk feature
even more a management né connected and but the
face cool to the place of
entrance is given the mark a cart
I 'm going to stay here, I hope.
you like the video play
third that has this here not only
music is on
I will stay here thank you very much
everyone accompanying the channel is asking
union four ports 1.0 is 2015 2016 this
year already
let's not say the last version right
I'm going to stay here a lot.
thank you to everyone accompanying you
channel 21 short Sunday 11.10 2015/2016
ne 1.0 and June 11 is not making a video
different from what I was used to seeing
digital only
I'm going to stay here a hug until
Next video turned on a little
happened cold starting is a horse
in here i speak for my new car
to condition my car porn power
the movie is not so hot inside is this
You do not have the movie, it 's hot, I'll go.
stay here because the hug is the next
video bye bye